feat(DataStore): Delete ModelType Predicate API iOS (#4177)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/datastore/ios/data-access/delete-snippet.mdx

> To delete an item, simply pass in an instance.

Reviewer: suggestion: *simply pass in an instance of model object*

Author: i think object == instance, how about "To delete an item, simply pass in an instance of a model" or "To delete an item, simply pass in a model instance"?

Reviewer: yes, this sounds good!

> To delete an item, simply pass in an instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To delete an item, pass in a model instance.
```

</Block>

</BlockSwitcher>

> You can also delete models that only match a predicate. For example, this will delete all posts that is in draft status:

Reviewer: suggestion: *that are in draft status*

> You can also delete models that only match a predicate. For example, this will delete all posts that is in draft status:

Author: ```suggestion
You can also delete models that only match a predicate. For example, this will delete all posts that are in draft status:
```
